[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a zombie science
fiction horror film
undead spoiler ahead watch out and take
care
renee grew up in a remote tiny town of
berkeley
when renee's parents passed away they
leave for a farm
but also many family debts renee has to
mortgage the farm to the bank to pay off
the debts
one day renee decides to spend the
weekend going out of town
and relaxing with her boyfriend when
they drive away from the town
many meteorites suddenly start raining
from the sky resulting in an unknown
disaster to mankind
on the way with a few cars blocking the
road rene pulls over
and her boyfriend goes there to take a
look he finds a woman who seems to pass
out
and checks if she is breathing suddenly
the woman bites him
on the other side renee waits for her
boyfriend in the car
but some zombies suddenly attack her
from nowhere at last
renee kills them with an iron bar but is
knocked injured
after falling from the roof of the car
after that
she's frightened to see her boyfriend
has turned into a zombie
and he staggers towards her trying to
attack her
a hunter armed with an angry mustache
and mysterious weapons
shows up right on time and saves renee
from the zombie attack
seeing her boyfriend is shot dead by the
angry mustache renee wants to thank him
but the angry mustache just leaves and
doesn't utter a word
then renee walks back to the town alone
in order to take a shortcut
she heads into the forest but the acid
rain comes
which makes her very uncomfortable
seeing a farm right there
she goes there for help in a field bugs
are snatched up to the sky by weird
light beams
seeing that renee is so scared that she
hides in the farmhouse
it is eerie inside the house and the man
is busy cooking in the kitchen
renee is afraid to go outside so she
just approaches cautiously
preparing to defend herself man is alert
and points his gun at renee
before she could do anything renee finds
he is actually the angry mustache
who just saved her then the angry
mustache tells renee
she should be prepared for the coming
end of the world as the zombie attack is
just the beginning of the apocalypse
renee is confused by what he said and
thinks he is insane
right then the doorbell rings but the
angry mustache doesn't plan to open the
door
rather aiming his gun at the door
hearing the people outside
screaming for help renee opens the door
without the angry mustaches permission
then a pregnant wife and her husband
hide in the house
the panicking couple explained that a
zombified girl attacked them on their
way
and savagely killed their friend so the
couple run for life
all the way to this place right then
they all quiet down and hide
due to the sudden noises outside as the
door opens
two cops rush inside soon the cops
discover the angry mustache
and ask him to put down his gun but the
angry mustache urges them to shut up
because something is coming inside then
many zombies storm into the house
they shoot the zombies with heavy
gunfire but those zombies are undead
the zombies constantly come to attack
them after reviving in no time
with not too much ammunition left the
angry mustache fights the way through
the zombie crowd
and guides them all the way to a
basement when staying safe temporarily
in the basement
they try to figure out what to do next
while the two cops still hang on to it
the angry mustache
holds a firearm license they take his
gun but the angry mustache suggests they
can discuss the license later
if they can survive the zombie attack
then panicking group cool down and take
a rest
when rene gets a chance to chat with the
angry mustache
she points to his fish pendant and asks
if he used to be a fisherman
while nodding his head he tells renee
when he was fishing one day
a piece of meteorite fell into the river
and the fish in the river was turned
into zombified fish
instantly and attacked him but after a
mysterious acid rain
everything got back to normal so he
supposes that the zombies might be
related to the meteorites and the acid
rain
suddenly the pregnant wife tells them
she is about to go into labor
but none of them knows how to deal with
baby delivery they decide to take the
pregnant wife to the hospital
heading out of the basement they find
the zombies have all gone
and it is cripply quiet inside the house
when the policeman tries to take the key
to the car on the wall
a zombie suddenly grabs his hand and
pulls it inside
the angry mustache runs to help the
policeman they set him free finally by
ripping off the zombie's hand
they are terrified by the ripped off
zombie hand which is still moving
so the husband shoots the hand but the
gunshots draw many more zombies
who break the wall to come to attack
them soon both sides fall into another
round of fighting
luckily when the angry mustache
accidentally shoots a zombie in the head
the zombie gets terminated and can't
revive again
so the angry mustache tells the rest to
shoot the zombies in the head
that's the only way to kill the undead
zombies and it turns out to work very
well
then they fight their way to the parking
garage and immediately drive away
on the way they get stopped by a
towering barbed wall
which has been placed up around the town
the husband thinks it's ironic that the
town government built this vast wall
within a few days
but spent two years fixing the road in
front of his house
the policeman thinks the husband is an
idiot but the town government
obviously has nothing to do with a wall
the angry mustache agrees with the
policeman
because he believes the wall is
definitely built by some supernatural
power like
aliens suddenly the policeman decides to
climb over the wall to seek help
when he struggles to get to the top he
finds that the exit above is all covered
by a weird cloud and gets an electric
shock while touching the cloud
what's worse the acid rain starts to
come the policeman slips and falls onto
the ground
lying unconscious the breasts think the
policeman is definitely dead
so they leave him behind to get inside
the car despite the acid rain
they find they don't get burnt by it on
the other side a policewoman is
unwilling to leave her colleague
crying beside him in sorrow suddenly a
weird light beam snatches up the
policewoman to the sky
and a glowing hooded figure stands right
there seeing what happened
renee and others are so scared that they
immediately drive away
on the way the husband suggests they can
fly over the wall by airplane
as he is a pilot who works in a travel
company the angry mustache and renee
think it is a good idea
so they drive back into town for
supplies before going to the airport
right in town they find the residents
have mysteriously disappeared
then they go into an unattended grocery
store and grab
everything necessary the angry mustache
claims once again that meteorites
zombies and the acid rain are clearly
the work of aliens
because he has also gotten snatched up
to the sky by a supernatural power
before
and came back to the earth alive but he
can't remember what happened in the sky
right then many zombies come into the
store from nowhere
among which there is a hooded figure
they shoot the zombies
and the husband accidentally kills the
hooded figure whose hand is definitely
not a humans or as zombies
at last they clear all the zombies but
many hooded figures come to them
then a hooded figure sprays a kind of
mysterious liquid at the angry mustache
before he is snatched up to the sky by a
light beam
renee and the couple take a good chance
to get out of the store
and drive away later they get to the
airport
and the husband asked renee and his
pregnant wife to wait for him inside
while he goes to grab the stuff in the
car however
many zombies show up before they can
take off so the husband tries his best
to shoot the zombies
he runs out of bullets soon but luckily
has rene to back him up
later the acid rain comes suddenly
however
those zombies who walk in the rain are
turned back into humans
and then snatched up to the sky by light
beams suddenly the husband is dragged up
to the sky by a person
he struggles and manages to get rid of
the catch but falls onto the ground
unconscious renee is so scared about
getting caught to the sky
that she gets out there with a pregnant
wife right away but the light beam is
just after them
finally the light beam makes their car
turn over and the wife is caught to the
sky
after staggering out of the car renee
finds a bunch of hooded figures walking
to her
and she is sprayed with the liquid
however she soon finds her wound healed
thanks to that
and the hooded figures surprisingly show
her their real alien face
in a panic for a while renee is brought
to the sky as well
a husband wakes up and can't find renee
and his wife
so he tries to fly over the wall but in
the sky he sees many people floating
there
and hits one of them who turns out to be
the policewoman
at last he flies over the wall and lands
on the ground safely
suddenly the vast wall changes into many
spaceships which head to outer space
meanwhile the people in the sky land on
the ground and none of them is zombified
it's revealed that the people know that
the aliens were coming to save them
the aliens built the vast wall so as to
contain the spread of the virus
actually they used the acid rain to cure
the infected
and put them in quarantine in the air in
the end
after completing their mission to save
earth aliens return to their own planet
humans are grateful for those unexpected
visitors but they have no idea that the
husband didn't get
cured yet because he flew over the vast
wall and spread the virus outside the
town
resulting in the subsequent virus
outbreaks outside the town
a quarantine area is built sometime
later to separate the remaining human
survivors from the infected
while armed with heavy protective gears
renee patrols around the clock
to keep close eyes on the rampaging
zombies waiting for the aliens to rescue
humanity once again someday
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out